openEO web editor first look (#139)
eu-cdse/documentation: Applications.md

## [Browser](/Applications/Browser.md) 

The Copernicus Data Space Ecosystem Browser serves as a central hub for accessing, exploring and utilizing the wealth of Earth observation and environmental data provided by the Copernicus Sentinel constellations, contributing missions, Auxiliary engineering data, on-demand data and more (Check out the documentation on [Data](/Data.md) for more details) . Based on Sentinel Hub's EO Browser, users can visualise, compare and analyse and download all this data for a variety of applications, from environmental monitoring and disaster management to urban planning and agriculture. Check out the user guide to know more about the features of the Browser and how to use it.

## [openEO Web-Editor](Applications/WebEditor.qmd)

> The openEO Web Editor is a web-based graphical user interface (GUI) that allows users to interact with the openEO API and perform various tasks related to Earth observation data processing. This application can be of great use for users who are not familiar with programming language. openEO Web Editor can act as a simple interface for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The openEO Web Editor is a web app that allows users to interact with an openEO back-end and perform various tasks related to Earth observation data processing. This application can be of great use for users who are not familiar with a programming language. The openEO Web Editor can act as a simple interface for:
```

* Data Discovery: User can explore and discover available Earth observation datasets.

> * Workflow Creation: User can create processing workflows by defining a sequence of processing steps as a building blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Workflow Creation: User can create an openEO processing workflow from basic building blocks in a drag-and-drop interface.
```
